when I was Glenn was everything in 4/4
because I'm not real good in our times I
can play a couple of blue big things in
Tibetan yeah so with my right hand I'm
playing for one with my left hand I'm
playing three one two three so but you
put the two together and they magically
okay so then then you practice you've
got the
so I'm still playing three with my left
hand and then I'm playing for with this
x-ray and then if you want to make it
more you see you get yourself a brush so
it's just a drummers brush it's made of
plastic if you play different parts of
your guitar you'll find you're getting
Sam
so you happen to see one it's got a bit
of a jump
and then you get yourself a microphone
but you can you can ban with your head
okay I bet these that I got these new
designs microphones cause this one has
got a a nice flat top on it so I can
bang my head on and it doesn't break the
skin but in the in the old days when I
used to do this will happen in Australia
and we always had those mics that have
the round end I would I would draw blood
and but I wouldn't know what you see and
I found out when I was a home I'm late
after a show hole in the bed and my my
daughter came in in the wee small hours
of the morning and she looked at me and
I must have had all this dried blood
here and she said you've been silly
again and she was right I have but you
know I'm in the entertainment business
I'll do anything to entertain you I'll
bang my head on her mind
I'll hit with a brush on I'll smash my
guitars or whatever it takes to have a
good time so there's a few patterns that
you can try you can also use the mic
like a bass drum you can get that you
know heavy metal of trauma double bass
drum
so then you play parts like a double
bass
you can also get these Carmen
this is a few things that you can take
with you tonight to government try I
know your neighbors will love it if
you're up to 3:00 in the morning I'm
sure I had had a request to play a song
that I wrote for my daughter Angelina
he's got him a new guitar this is the
Forrest Gump model I've been very
blessed with - two beautiful children in
my life
I have Amanda and Amanda's 23 years old
and she lives in England she was born in
Sydney Australia in 1988 shows she's a
Bicentennial baby that was our bison
tannery was 1788 and so in 1988 when
Amanda was born she got a special birth
certificate which has all that the
Australian flag and our emblem and all
that stuff on it sir she's a
Bicentennial baby and then in 99
Angelina was born in England it's kind
of strange you know when I meet people
on trains and planes and buses and stuff
in my travels over time and it's hard
for people to relate to my life
because I'm an Australian who lives in
America but I have children and a place
in England as well and so you
I'm a u.s. permanent resident I come and
go to you and and I love living here I
live in Tennessee so anyway here's the
song that I read for my daughter
Angelina